---
title: JAS 2023 | CDP Releases
excerpt: ''
deprecated: false
hidden: true
metadata:
  title: ''
  description: ''
  robots: index
next:
  description: ''
---
# Connect+

1. **Enhanced Navigation for Connect+**

We're thrilled to announce an update to improve your navigation experience as we migrate Connect+ to Intouch in our clusters. This change involves a simple URL update, ensuring a seamless transition.

The Connect+ link on the home page of our product navigation, alongside other products like Engage+ and Loyalty+, has been updated. This change applies to the US, India, SG, Tata and EU clusters, which have already been migrated successfully, ensuring consistency and clarity in your access to Connect+ within Intouch.

Note: The authentication for Intouch and Connect+ still sits separately and will be taken up in coming quarters.

[Link](https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/connect_plus#accessing-connect)

2. **Enhanced SQL Join Options for Better Data Integration**

We are delighted to introduce a powerful feature in Connect+ that empowers you to select the type of SQL join command for your data integration needs. This enhancement offers more control and flexibility in merging your data. Here's what's new:

Inner Join (Existing Join): Retrieve rows with matching values in both tables, creating a precise merged table, perfect for scenarios like item purchases and cost calculations.

Left Outer Join: Access all rows from the left table and matching rows from the right table, ensuring no data is left behind. Ideal for scenarios like customer and order records.

Right Outer Join: Capture all rows from the right table and matching rows from the left table, providing comprehensive results, even when data might be missing.

Outer Join: Get a complete picture by including all rows from both tables, whether they have matches or not. This is the ultimate choice for a comprehensive view of your data.

Experience the power of choice with Connect+ and streamline your data integration processes like never before!

[Link](https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/configure-actions#join-data)

3. **Addition of Customer Registration Date**

We're thrilled to bring you a valuable enhancement to Connect+ that eases customer addition. You can now include a registration date for customers added through the "Customer v2 Add" template directly in the transformation block.

4. **Default Enablement of v2 APIs for Seamless Integration**

We're excited to introduce a significant improvement for Connect+ setup that will enhance your integration experience. Starting now, v2 APIs are enabled by default for organizations across clusters. This change simplifies the setup process and eliminates potential errors in data flows arising due to this. Say goodbye to manual configuration – it's all set up for you!

5. **Improved Workspace and Org Management**

We're excited to introduce a significant enhancement to Connect+ that streamlines your workspace and organization management for a smoother experience. Based on user feedback, we've made the following changes:

1:1 Mapping of Workspace and Org: Going forward, each workspace can be associated with one organization, and each workspace can have only one organization. This alignment simplifies the migration process to Intouch, reducing migration complexities for newer workspaces, and calls for better security measures being taken.

Efficient Org Selection: If an organization is already part of an existing workspace, it will no longer appear in the selection dropdown when adding a new workspace in the Connect+ admin UI. This ensures clarity and avoids unintentional duplicates.

Automated Workspace Removal: When an organization is deactivated on Intouch, the corresponding workspace in Connect+ will be automatically removed, including dataflows and configurations. This keeps your Connect+ environment up to date and organized.

We believe these enhancements will enhance your overall workflow and make your transition to Intouch even smoother, and productive with Connect+!

# Member Care

1. **Point Conversion & Trigger Based Schedule:**

For single loyalty program Orgs, you can now view the Points expiry schedule, Conversion schedule and Trigger based point details on the new Member Care UI under Incentives > Points Schedule section.\
User doc: [https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/incentive-details#points-schedule](https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/incentive-details#points-schedule)

2. **Card Status update through the new Member Care UI**

You can now update the card status and its label from the new Member Care UI.\
[https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/customer-overview#change-card-status--label](https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/customer-overview#change-card-status--label)

3. **PII Deletion on new Membecare UI**

Continuing on our efforts to migrate all the brands to New Membercare UI, we have migrated the PII deletion functionality on the new UI.\
User doc: [https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/manage-change-request#delete-member-account](https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/manage-change-request#delete-member-account)

# APIs and other new features and changes

1. **Enhancing Points Issued Event Schema**

Say hello to the unique Awarded Reference ID which we are thrilled to unveil as an exciting addition to the schema in the Points Issued Event. Each point issued, be it normal or promo, now the point block will be able to add its exclusive Awarded Reference ID.

To take advantage of this feature, simply enable the configuration "awardedReferenceEnrichmentEnabled." by raising a JIRA ticket with our sustenance team.

[Link](https://docs.capillarytech.com/docs/event-schema-payload)

2. **API for Identifier Change in Auth Engine**

We're excited to announce a powerful addition to the Auth Engine in Intouch. With our latest API, you can now seamlessly update mobile numbers, email IDs, username and External IDs. Upgrade your experience with Auth Engine!

[Link](https://docs.capillarytech.com/reference/change_identifier-on-auth-engine)
